## How to Run

### requirements:
NodeJS: v 11
npm: v6

To start the development server: 
```npm install```
```npm run dev```

Default port is 80.  To start with a different port, run
```PORT=3000 npm run dev```

To lint: 
``` npm run lint```

To test: 
```npm run test```

## Assumptions/Decisions

1. since this token is to be used for authn/authz, will use JWT.
2. only route exposed is health (would be used for deployment and monitoring) and /token.  
3. http b/c of time constraints. 
4: API definition. 

/token => is the entity.  Makes the assumption that this service is sole responsible for generating 
tokens.  Email is passed as a parameter instead of /token/email b/c the assumption is that this 
service would do some validation (likely in ```mode/Token.js``) that the email existed, to
prevent providing a token for an email address that is invalid.

## TODOs
0. Token expiration, management: the token would ideally have an exp, issuer, and more claims on it than 
just the email.  jwt library was selected for simplicity, but doesn't provide the expected checking.
Would likely use auth0 (https://github.com/auth0/node-jsonwebtoken) and make use of expiration.
1. secret management is not handled correctly.  See notes in config/index.js.
2. validation is handled as a seperate function, I would prefer to move to express middleware
3. www.js is autogenerated code and should be cleaned up/.
4. coverage on unit testing
5. interation and api testing. 
6. package and docker file prep - need to create build, clean, package script.
7. error handling - more specific on error codes depending on valdiation.

## Technology

* nodeJS/Javascript/Express - lightweight microserver, w/o complex data operations. 
* express-generator: used to generate boiler plate express code
* npm-run-all: I develop on a mac, in theory, this library lets the dev env run on any os.  I haven't used it in a while, so no promises.
* eslint: linting, helps catch errors
* babel: allows writing in full ES6 syntax
* validate.js: simple string validation.  Adequate for validation of emails. 
* jwt-simple: bare bones jwt library, only prepares and signs a simple payload.

